So we got this other app where I
did this already, it's all done.
I did the thing, I did it.
It's there, go take a look.
Verify why it doesn't work.
[LAUGH] I did the thing,
it just doesn't work.
Go spend ten minutes, we'll take a break.
And go look at why the thing that I
just showed you that totally worked, and
you saw that it worked in a different app,
doesn't work.
And then prepare to be sad.
[LAUGH] It's the tagline of this workshop,
prepare to be sad.
[LAUGH] Let's take a tour
of the code real quick.
This one got a little bit more going on,
but not much, it's just got more models.
So this one had only items.
Yeah, so that's the kinda thing
where we start out slow and
then we slowly escalate things until
it gets worse and worse and worse.
So we have that in place.
And other than that, it's a CRUD app.
Let's look at the UI.
We'll look at the code.
There is this concept of adding users.
You can remove them, great.
You can write a post, you can remove it.
You can't edit anything, there'll be
editing in the next one, I promise.
You can delete comments,
which is probably the best thing as well.
Awesome, and
you can add a new comment as anyone
cuz there's no security on this app.
That's interesting.
Cuz I put it at the top because I
wanted to see the post at the top, so
I turned them all on shifts,
not realizing that I put the comments at
the bottom as I was moving stuff around.
But generally speaking,
it all exists, it all works.
Let's look at the code.
And if we go, we've got a context.js,
that seems great.
Look at this, it's got a state context.
It's got an actions context.
It's got posts and users.
So also comments are just
a sub-property on a post, right?
And so a post has a comments
array just nested in there.
So really, we got posts and users.
I just lazily take all the action
creators and bind them on
to dispatch here using literally one
that I stole from Redux, it works.
Sometimes you can grab some of
the helper utilities from Redux and
not actually have to use Redux too,
if you want.
I'm doing the thing that I talked
about before, awesome, right?
Other than that, it's a bunch of forms,
it is a bunch of stuff like that,
everything's great.
And so things should be good,
right, I should be able to go like,
We can add a user, I can remove one.
Everything flashed, right,
throughout everything, right?
Some of that makes sense, right,
cuz there is probably the list
of users and so on and so forth.
What happens if I add a post?
The user list flashed, they're not
even in any way related, that's weird.
Those seem extra things.
But I did the thing, right?
I did it.
It should all be okay, right?
What happened?
Yeah.
>> Pieces of state, your posts, and
users are still being provided to the same
context, but in a new object each time.
>> Yeah.
You know how to solve this?
>> The third context?
>> Yeah,
[LAUGH] we just keep doubling down, right?
And so this is one of the things to
think about when we come down to the,
should you always do a thing cuz one time
you watched a Frontend Masters course and
a very charismatic human told you such and
such, right?
Yeah, it's triggering rerenders, right?
And it's worth considering, well,
we're gonna do it,
because this is an academic exercise.
Except one goes like, I don't think this
is gonna be how I make it big with where
you could impersonate anyone
on a fictitious version of
next door where it's all Lorem Ipsum,
I don't think this is it for me.
So I think we should just learn from this
and how to get some hands-on experience.
And so, yeah, the goal is basically this
pattern keeps working, but it also like,
good news, the pattern keeps working, bad
news, the pattern keeps working, right?
And so dealing with both of those starts
to create the issues for us, right?
And so yeah, it's like nothing
that you wouldn't expect here.
And you can go and create one.
Change one of these.
Get both of those in there.
This is where you watch me forget
which one I called which and
the one point in my set up.
So it'll be the posts.
I don't trust it.
And yeah, you have to ask yourself at a
certain point of like, when does this end?
And I think it's a valid thing to ask.
So we've got that kinda in place,
I think I got everything in there.
And then I gave myself these hooks.
So nice part is you see that
I like Visual Studio Code.
I did f2 to rename something and
that did it across all the files,
but did kind of move my
problem a little bit,
Which giving yourself those abstractions
should be somewhat helpful, right?
In this case, let's see.
Use that map,
it's not a function probably cuz they're
pulling off an object in all those places.
So there's a little bit of that.
That was useUsers.
>> I think context name.
>> Where?
>> In the context.js.
Users context, line 27.
>> Line 27, I missed one.
Great, everything works.
Now, I can go ahead hopefully, right?
You saw that we didn't flash over here,
right?
And that is what we're looking for.
So yeah, as I said before, there's two
major points I wanna make here as I run
the profiler just to verify that it's not
something where I'm slowly losing my mind.
Purposely why I don't clean
out these input fields.
Great, we see the post flash, and
there's clearly more to do here, right?
And we're gonna not follow this
necessarily all the way cuz I think I will
leave some of this as an exercise to
the reader, but individual posts are in
there, The given keys, so on and so forth.
But interestingly,
there are some interesting ones of adding
a user shouldn't cause each and
every one of these, right?
And then I think a post
is along those lines.
There are a few issues to find,
and there's I think five or
six to find in here.
But one of the ones I will point out,
cuz some of these I did on purpose, and
I will leave them as an exploration,
kinda scavenger hunt.
But there was an interesting one
that I didn't do on purpose.
And that's the one I would like to draw
your attention to cuz I was just writing
code, right, and just doing my thing,
which I thought was kind of an interesting
one, which is if we look at the users,
I pass in, I've got this map and
I go ahead and pass everything in.
This here, having this as a function
I'm calling on the fly, and so
there were little things in here
that were causing rerenders.
And it's interesting to do the tools and
kinda look and play around, cuz there
are ones that you will find that you
didn't intend to hide on purpose, yeah.
>> But that particular function is passed
to the core, the leaf HTML element,
right, so that shouldn't matter.
>> Yeah, I'm trying to think which,
I think pushing it down actually
made more sense in this case, right?
There were a few of them like this,
this one has the children in it.
I'm trying to remember
exactly which one it was,
cuz it was one of those I didn't plan.